All right.
In the last section, we have completed the signing page of our project.
In this section, we're going to start getting this session data and show it in our website.
If you look at the final version, no, the version that we are working on, the localhost, 2000,
we want to change the.
This image, the name and also the user name using decision.
The first things we need to do to get decision is to wrap our application with decision provider.
We need to go to Visual Studio call.
We go to App Dot J.S..
Inside this.
Yeah.
Inside the pages.
We go to pages and app touches.
And we need to import session provider from next off forward slash react.
So we just bring it in here.
We just say session.
Provider.
From.
And next.
Of.
Forward slash react.
They should provide.
Okay.
And then we need to.
Instead of just getting component and page props, we need to get to things.
Instead of just getting page proofs, we get the session here and also we get the page props.
Okay.
And now we need to instead of just saying component, we need to wrap this one by decision provider.
So.
And we just make a return like this.
We bring this one inside.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
We just say session provider.
And we bring this one inside this.
And here.
We add this session, which as a session is equal to session.
Now we can get decision in any pages we like.
For example, let me decrease this to size here and then we bring our website on the right side.
Let's for example, in input section we change this image.
And to from the image we get from the Google.
So for doing that, let's close this app that yes, we close this firebase signing page and.
We just got to input that.
Yes.
And here at a top the import.
U.S..
Which is a building function from.
Uh.
Next off.
Forward slash react.
Okay, now, first we need to initialize it.
So we just cast.
And we can this this truck do it and we get that data from U.S..
And so we should do it like this.
We should just say equal to U.S..
And we don't want to use the name data because we want to just use it as a session just to it.
Call it session.
That's better.
But the the things we are getting from your session is data.
So now let's console.log this session and see what's inside.
So we just say log and we just say session.
Now let's refresh the page.
We're getting an error saying next.
And this one is there's a typo here.
Now.
We should refresh the page.
Yeah.
Now if you open the console using F12.
We should see.
We don't get anything here.
That's.
No.
Uh.
Yeah.
The line fire is said.
This is not because we are not log in.
So because when I when you when you are doing in the development mode when you restart the server you
need to.
Uh.
Good.
You need to find yourself again.
So we just need to go to off.
Sign in.
I think I made a typo.
Of.
Sign and that is correct.
Yeah.
Let's check.
I met a type of year, actually.
Sign in here.
It's wrong.
So let me rename this.
Sorry about that sign.
That is correct.
Uh, let's see here.
Sign.
That's a 52 page.
Now we are in the signing page.
Let's signing with Google.
Now we are authenticated.
Let's open the.
Cancel now.
Now we are getting an object.
You're getting an object.
It just gives us that expiry time.
Which I think it's one month.
Then we have the user.
The user has email.
Image.
And name.
So inside input genes, for example we can change the.
This image.
To.
Uh.
It's here instead of sauce.
Just a hard image.
We can just get the session.
That user, that image.
Now we're getting the image from my account, the Gmail account.
Okay.
As simple as that.
But actually, I don't want to see this imposition when the person is not signing.
So if there's no session, so we can do.
Yeah.
Instead of returning directly.
Let's open it.
A frac for empty fragment.
And, uh.
Well, no, and we need it on orbit.
Just let's try.
We just see if this station exists.
Dennis, show the input section.
So we just bring everything inside.
That.
Yeah.
I guess it doesn't work like that.
You just need to.
Let's close this.
Okay.
Uh.
Now let's let's add the empty fragments.
I know.
We move everything inside.
That's.
No.
It's working now because we are signed in.
We see it.
But if you sign out, we don't need we don't see it, but we don't have any sign up button.
We can just say if we click on this icon, sign out.
So we can't just import sign out.
They just say sign out from next off and be added on.
Click to the image here.
And the uncle is just going to call this sign out.
So now if we click on here, we should sign.
And when we sign out, we don't see the input section.
Okay.
All right, so let's.
But we don't have any sign in button.
No, that's a problem.
So.
But I want to add the signing button inside this sidebar.
So if we decrease increase the size I want instead of seeing this tweet and here I want to see the input
if the person is not signed in.
So let's do this for here to.
So we bring it here and we don't need this input any more.
Or the signing page.
And uh, let's go to sidebar component here.
In the inside, the components we go to sidebar ideas.
Let's do the same things we did.
So we just.
Import.
U.S..
From.
Next.
Of course, react.
We initialize it here.
You just stay honest.
Data.
And we named it to their data session, and we call this one to use session.
Okay.
Now we can just say.
If there is no session, just don't show.
Uh.
Like these things, and many prefer.
So let me.
Instead show a button.
Right.
Uh.
I think we can do it inside here.
For the icons.
I want to keep their home and explore.
I want to hide these icons from here to here because these are related to the person who is signing.
So, uh, just here.
So after this, the first two, we just say if this session.
Exist if the decision is true.
If that's true, we want to.
Have these things to bring them inside here.
But we just need to put them.
I think inside the empty fragments before.
Hmm.
So now we don't see them.
And then for the tweet button and menu for a file, I want to completely hide them.
So from here, just say if the decision is true, I want this one to be a ternary operator because I
want to add the another button.
So we just say if the decision exists, then.
Sure.
The bottom.
And this one.
Bring them inside here.
And then.
Otherwise, I want to see another.
MARTIN which is a signing button.
So.
Uh.
We just make your partner.
We cannot do it here.
Just safe.
But in.
You just say for now, sign.
Yeah.
Save it.
That's the first page.
You get an error here?
The reason for this error is similar to one we did.
We just need to add an empty fragment to the.
A return section.
So here in the return, we just add an empty fragment.
That's a rule for React.
We need to just return.
One think like one day.
Or you can just add everything inside an empty fragment.
So that's for this one, I think should be fine now because the button is just singular to make.
So we are seeing a signing button here and uh, let's just style it first.
I want this as the same style as this, uh, Twitter button.
Yeah.
So we copy this on.
And.
We just pasted it here inside a class name.
But, uh, the only difference I want to do is just, uh, make it a little bit smaller.
Like the 36.
Okay.
Looks okay.
Now, when we click on this, we want to go to the signing page.
So we can in the button be added on click.
And we just need to bring in the signing from Nix of the act here.
Just say, sign in.
And then.
We can use it here.
It's just a sign.
Yeah.
This refresh to page.
Click on signing it.
Actually, now we are redirecting.
To add default next off pace, but we want to be redirected to our custom signing page I think should
be a problem here.
So let's check this inside Nick's.
Oh, we added the pages, but this one should be capitalized.
It's a camel case.
So now we try it again.
Now.
We went to the.
Our custom signing page.
Let's sign in with Google.
Now we are.
We are getting all the icons.
And instead of getting the sign in button, we are getting the tweet and the mini profile.
And, uh, the other things I want to do, I want to change the image here.
And also we get the correct name and username.
Okay.
Let's, uh, go to sidebar the J.S..
And here.
Inside the mini profile.
The the name is hard coded.
Let's change this font to.
We just a session.
Dot user, dot name.
Now we are getting the correct name, which is code with the hand.
And then for the username, we don't we don't actually have the username that says let me show you again
we buy a console logging.
Let's check the.
Console.
We will counsel logging before in the input section.
As you can see now we only have.
In the user section we have name, email and image.
Let's add the user name by just creating our and I want to connect this name together and make it lowercase
as a user name.
And also the other things I want to get is the user ID.
We can get a custom session by just going to a next 30th and add a callback.
So here we just say back.
Or should say, called backs.
And we open a set of curly braces.
And we just use it asynchronous function.
Which is a session.
And this session is going to give us a few things.
We can get the session.
We can get a token for the user I.D. and also we can get the user as well.
So.
Now let's create this function.
We just say decision that user.
That's user username.
We want to create the username so we just say this one is equal to session.
That's here this session that user that use that name.
But we.
I want to split this fund first, buy this space.
So we have two space here.
Actually, we split them by space, and then I want to join them again.
All together.
So with no space.
Then.
We want to change it to lower case.
Two local lowercase.
Okay.
No.
The username is okay.
Then I want to get the list and make the decision.
User I.D. two So we just decision that user there aren't user I.D. is equal to token.
That's not.
So the user ID is coming from this part token.
Well, at the end, we can return.
This session.
So this is going to be replaced by the old session.
Okay.
Uh.
We don't need this use of.
I think so.
It's session and token.
Let's let's refresh the page.
Now we can all be.
Uh, let's sign in again.
So we go sign in signing with Google.
And now we are getting the, uh.
The object.
But the user.
Has more.
Thanks.
We already had email.
Email, image and name.
Now we have the user I.D. and also the user name, which is just we created the name and it's code with.
Okay, let's show this one inside here.
This is hard coded.
So we need to make it dynamic based on the.
Person's, uh, name.
So inside this paragraph.
We delayed this one and we just at.
And Jesus X.
And we just call this one session dart user.
There aren't user name.
Okay.
That should work.
Now we are getting it.
And also when we click on this image, I want to sign out as well.
So.
Here in the image we added enclave.
And this is going to be signed out, but we need to import it too.
So know at the top the import here.
Okay.
Now, if you click on the image which should be signed, I'll, I'll see if we didn't get the image
to.
Uh.
Uh, let me see.
We just make this image dynamic to it that the image should be section, that's user that image.
Okay.
No, it's fine.
Let's try the sign out.
A sign that doesn't work for a reason.
So let me check.
On this Arncliffe.
It's wrong.
So let's try again.
Now we are signing out that signing again.
Okay.
It's working perfectly.
So in the next section, Vinnie, we're going to start with the input section and we're going to.
Uh, start uploading our information to the firebase.
And so we're going to use that information to populate this post section.
These are just hardcoded now, but we're going to get them dynamically from fire, fire, actually fire
a store.
So we're going to save our information in fire store and use it later for our posts.
So see you in the next section.
But before just finishing I always forget.
Let's add everything to get up.
So.
You just make a message for our comment.
And the message would be.
Get.
Physician.
And modify.
Sidebar and input.
Section or components.
So we push everything to get up and let's review to pay to view it.
Actually, the review is nuts.
It's optional.
You can if you don't want to watch the review, you can just skip and go to the next section.
So let's refresh the page.
We go to Twitter.
Our repository now we have 12 commits and if you click here, we can see the last commit is get the
station and modify sidebar and import component.
So let's click on it.
So inside the input that is being imported, use session and sign out.
And it brought everything inside this.
And we said if this vision existed, just show the input section and for the image.
We just used a decision that used that image and we added and I'll click.
When we click on the image, we are going to be fine out.
And inside sidebar that year we did the same things, importing their use session and etc. We initialize
it here and we just say Show these are menu icons when we decision is excessive and show the, uh,
this tweet button and menu for fall when we have decision.
And we modified the sections to image everything inside the mini profile with the real data.
Then inside apertures, we wrapped everything with a decision provider.
This was the first step we did.
And.
We?
Uh, we fix this error, actually, here.
Signing it was not a camel case.
And also, we created a callback to modify this session, and we created, uh, we have created the
username and also we got the user ID from the token that so.
And that was a minor modification.
Yeah, that was it.
For this part.
In the next section, we're going to start sending the data to the fire store.
So see in the next section.